Per the lab, a second version of the MEI file with updated metadata has been created. This exists in the Week 7 folder, to keep versions updated to their individual week and to observe changes throughout the weeks. An MEI of Autumn Leaves exists in Week 3, 5, and now 7. It also exists in the data folder, where it has been edited according to instructions throughout the lab.
Why the genre classification?:
Autumn Leaves has always been classified as a jazz song, even though it may not feel like jazz. Jazz is such a subjective genre and just about anything can be a jazz standard (this includes songs you see on Broadway that are jazz standards, Christmas songs, and even a song from Disney's Snow White). Since it is jazz, it is also worth noting that it is a jazz standard -  which might not be a subgenre per se, but in this case it is very important to say it is a jazz standard. This means that it is a song that is well known across the world, and is called at jazz jams very often to be played. A jazz standard is very different from a jazz piece, which is a jazz song that is not as widely known or played as a jazz standard.
In jazz, there are countless subgenres. These subgenres could include what other genres besides jazz have had an influence on the piece (like Jazz Rock or Electro Swing, which is jazz mixed with EDM), where the jazz is from (for example, Japanese Jazz is a completely different style from New Orleans Jazz, or even Ska Jazz from Jamaica), or just general subsections of jazz, like smooth jazz. It is important to specify what the niche genre of the piece is, or else the user will not be able to understand the piece. When looking at code, or a nicely formatted MEI file on an HTML page, we cannot immediately communicate to the user what the song sounds like or what the feel of the song is. In short, without adding the right metadata about the song, the user doesn't know the vibes of the song. They can't understand the piece. Metadata like subgenres allows the user to understand the context of the song, not just what the code or sheet music looks like. FThey are able to fully understand the song without even hearing it.
<br>For example, when I started work on Autumn Leaves, I had not heard the song before, I picked it because it is a staple and a relatively easy melody for both the encoder and user to understand. I have learned, through the metadata I have put in my code what the song is like (notes, where it came from, what style it is, who wrote it, key, lyricist, composer), without even hearing the tune. Now, listening to the tune after encoding it, everything matches my metadata and it all makes sense.
Subgenre in jazz can also be what type of song it is, like a ballad or up-tempo swing. 
In my opinion, Autumn Leaves is a Jazz Standard that also falls the subgenres of French Jazz, Ballad, and Smooth Jazz.
I have put this in a notes statement in the code since there is so much information to convey, it is easiest read in a little note, not spread out across the code or into separate lines of code for each subgenre. I am note sure if this needs to be in a work list in the MEI head since we have not discussed this in class before (and I was absent for this lab), but I do know that note statements, title, key, and other elements can go under the work tag in the work list. Work list is listed as an optional element in an MEI header, which is why I have decided not to put it in, also because I am unsure of how to or where to use it. I am putting the notes statement of genre underneath the title statement where i had previously put a different notes statement. I think this is the best place to put it since it is not included with publishers and the like, but is grouped closer with the metadata in the title statement which is similar to the kind of metadata of subgenres that I will be putting in this note statement.
