## Week 1 Task 2: 
The theme for my dataset will be the Real Vocal Book (or part of Volume 1). This is a collection of jazz standards for vocalists which includes artists, lyricist, sheet music, and other information on the Real Book and songs. Week 1 Task 3: (Based on your own experience, what do you think are some challenges to working with music and music-related data) I think one of the main issues working with music and music-related data is that you have to pay for it. While people should absolutely be paid for their work, it makes access a lot harder. Another issue with music and its data is that the there is so much of it, which can be very good in some cases, but can also make it a lot harder to handle and organise. My theme fits this issue, in the way that the vocal standards for jazz compiled into this book contain so much information. It has organised the standards alphabetically, but there is so much of it that the vocal book is often split into two volumes. In the version of the book I have, which is over 400 pages, it begins with a foreword, then a table of contents (organising the standards alphabetically and listing the page number), and then an index (also at the beginning) organising the standards by artist. After that, each standard is presented with its sheet music, lyrics, and chords. I'm not sure how the data is analysed, it does not seem to be interpreted in any way, just presented for the singer to use. Although, the index that organises the songs by artist allows us to interpret how much work an artist has done to make a standard with lyrics, as this was less common at the time, and there were specific artists who did this. So, we can see from the index that Herbie Hancock only has one standard listed under his name - he was a famous instrumentalist, not lyricist, so it makes sense that in the Vocal Real Book he has made only one song with lyrics. However, John Hendricks, whose career in jazz was mostly dedicated to writing lyrics for instrumental standards, has quite a few (eight) standards in the Vocal Real Book.
